## Meeting notes 22.02.2022

---

## What we talked about
    - HCI prototype
    - backlog
    - checkstyle rules

## Deadlines
    - Friday
        - Assignment 3A and 3B
        - HCI draft
        - each of us should have working endpoint by 6p.m. (watch video from Aleksadru)

## Additional notes
    - HCI draft does not affect our final grade
    - The more we write, the more feedback we get

## Code of Conduct
    - add:
        - (grade) under no circumstances we go under 6, we want to pass
        - (aims) what a whole group will gain
        - (rules) dividing work and making deadlines - how exactly do we want to do it (in GitLab there
        is an option to add expected time)
        - (rules) all members take part in all activities equally
        - (rules) how do we want to solve disagreements
        - (meetings) consist and clear set up of the meetings (fixed days and times)
        - (meetings) everytime we should make clear goals of the meeting
        - (meetings) clear rules: more work = additional meeting, less work = shorter meetings
        - (GitLab) everytime we approve merge requests we actually write a review

## Backlog 
    - "won't have" instead of "want to have"
    - distinguish "user stories" - create another laber "user stories"
    - our aim is to connect stories with technical stuff

## GitLab
    - board
        - make labels : "to do", "in progress", "done", "in review"
        - regularly update the stage of the tasks
    - use milestones
    - create templates
    - issues
        - definition of done (use checkboxes)
    - merge requests 
        - write reviews
        - check if it really works
        - don't merge to main if the pipeline isn't working
    - a lot need to be documented on GitLab!

## To do for this week
    - Information Literacy
    - Assignment 3A and 3B
    - HCI draft
    - do evaluation for another group
    - create endpoints
    - correct Code of Conduct 
    - correct backlog
    
